add documentation (#67)
DataMedSci/yagit: README.md

# Yet Another Gamma Index Tool

> YAGIT is a library written in C++ for performing efficient comparisons of two images
> containing radiation dose distributions using the 2D, 2.5D, and 3D gamma index concepts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
YAGIT is a C++ library for performing efficient comparisons of two images
containing spatial dose distributions. The library employs 2D, 2.5D, and 3D gamma index concepts.
```

At the end of last sentence I'd add a link to some scientific paper(s?) where gamma index is defined. The users of this library are scientists. They should be accustomed to such type of source materials
